# # CreateAgentRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**synchronous** | [**\SpectrumVoip\\\\NetSapiens\Model\Synchronous**](Synchronous.md) |  | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_id** | **string** | This is the main identifier for a \&quot;agent\&quot; in a queue. There are two format supported here, either a user based option which will look like user@domain or a device based method like sip:device@domain. |
**callqueue** | **string** | This is the callqueue id for which the agent is in. The agent may be in multiple callqueus, but this value is a single entry. | [optional]
**domain** | **string** | This is the main organization name. This is used to link resource to its group/tenant/organization/enterprise. ~ and * can be used alone in special cases to mean My Domain (~) and All Domains (\\*). | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_availability_type** | **string** | This is the main toggle for the agents status in the queue.  \&quot;automatic\&quot; is logged in, which manual is logged out with the option for one call. From a angent perspective and the actions of logging in and out the recomention would be to use the specific \&quot;agent actions\&quot; api instead of the basic agent update request. | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_wrap_up_allowance_seconds** | **int** | This is the number of seconds that the system will hold the agent offline before logging them back in automatically. This time allows the agent to comolete needed notes and conclusions to previous calls and prepare for next call. | [optional] [default to 0]
**auto_answer_enabled** | [**\SpectrumVoip\\\\NetSapiens\Model\YesNoStringNoDefault**](YesNoStringNoDefault.md) | This settings will control if the the parent feature is enabled. | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_dispatch_order_ordinal** | **int** | For use in callqueues that have a linear order, this value would be to the order of the agent in that list, the lower the number the higher agent in the order. | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_dispatch_queue_priority_ordinal** | **int** | This setting is a priority value for this agent&#39;s entry with respect to the other callqueues they are in. Lower number is higher priority. This means that when the agent comes back available after a call the priority would be used to determine which queue its attempted first. | [optional]
**limits_max_active_calls_total** | **int** | This is the maximum number of calls an agent will be given at at time. Default and ideal is 1, but if needed it can be higher | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_answer_confirmation_enabled** | [**\SpectrumVoip\\\\NetSapiens\Model\YesNoStringNoDefault**](YesNoStringNoDefault.md) | This settings will control if the the parent feature is enabled. | [optional]
**callqueue_agent_has_registered_devices** | **string** | This read only status will show the agents registration infor and if the system believes the device is registered. | [optional] [readonly]
**callqueue_agent_availability_for_dispatch** | **string** | This is the status for the agent generated by the system using all available informaion. | [optional]
**active_calls_total_current** | **int** | This is the total number of calls on the agent&#39;s account across all their queues | [optional] [readonly]
**last_modified_datetime** | **\DateTime** | This timestamp is the datetime of the last change to the agent&#39;s configuration and status | [optional] [readonly]
**callqueue_agent_max_concurrent_sms_conversations** | **int** | This is the maximum number of SMS queue sessions the agent will be requested to handle before queing up future requests. | [optional]
**last_callqueue_dispatch_datetime** | **\DateTime** | This timestamp is the datetime of the last dispatch to the agent. | [optional] [readonly]
**callqueue_agent_entry_type** | **string** | This is a read only field that will tell you the type of agent config that is setup, this might include device or user based agents or \&quot;offnet\&quot; | [optional] [readonly]
**login_username** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s login if needed. | [optional] [readonly]
**name_full_name** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s full name. | [optional] [readonly]
**agent_name_first_name** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s first name. | [optional] [readonly]
**agent_name_last_name** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s last name. | [optional] [readonly]
**agent_department** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s depeartment. | [optional] [readonly]
**agent_site** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s site | [optional] [readonly]
**agent_user_scope** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s scope. | [optional] [readonly]
**agent_status_message** | **string** | This value read only from the user that is linked to this agent. Its the user&#39;s status message. | [optional] [readonly]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
