# # DomainsDomainUsersUserCallsPostRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**synchronous** | [**\SpectrumVoip\\\\NetSapiens\Model\Synchronous**](Synchronous.md) |  |
**call_id** | **string** | This will be the callid for the requested call. This should be a random string generated by your application and stored if you want to read back the call later or end it. |
**dial_rule_application** | **string** | The application can be used to help with next destination selection. | [optional] [default to 'call']
**call_term_user** | **string** | This will be the destination or termination number for the call request. This will be used once the call is connected to the orgination number. |
**call_orig_user** | **string** | This field will allow you to select the device, user or number the first leg of the call request will connect to. If left blank the origination will be the user@domain of the user making the request. | [optional] [default to 'user@domain']
**auto_answer_enabled** | **string** | If enabled it will request auto answer headers for the first leg (origination) of the call. | [optional] [default to 'no']
**caller_id_number** | **string** | This setting will allow for the callerid of the termination leg to be set, by default it will be the preconfigured callerid of the user making the request. | [optional]
**callback_caller_id_number** | **string** | This is the callerid that will be used when calling the first leg(callback) of the call request. If left empty it will default to the user&#39;s caller id. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
